Add indents to bullet list (#5)
BIDS/interns: karah-j/2025-Summer.md

#### 🌱
* I had a sitdown meeting with KW and KC where I learned a lot about open data science and BIDS, including some of the more technical aspects of their impact.
  It gave me a deeper understanding of the goals BIDS works toward and the values it represents.
  I'm looking forward to continuing to be part of this work.

#### 🌵   
* I’ve been trying to figure out what benefits student workers may be entitled to, but have been bounced around several times.

>   It’s taken more time than expected, though I feel like I’m closing in on a clear answer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It's taken more time than expected, though I feel like I’m closing in on a clear answer.
```
FIx apostrophe.
